We needed a miracale
and then we got one.
The beautiful and special little creature will be a revolution in the livestock industry
Our super pigs will not only be big and beautiful
they will also leave a minimal foot print
on the environment require less feed and produce less excrestions
And most importantly
They need to taste fucking good
OKJA! OKJA! OKJA!
We are animal lovers, our plan is to expose Miranda, rescue Okja and bring her back to you.
Ten years in planning where the product will feed millions. That farmer girl is going to destroy us!
You SHould knoe the situation is not good.
Such a shame you had to tell all those little whote lies.
LADIES AND GENTLEMAN PUT YOUR HANDS TOGETHER FOR...THE ONE... THE ONLY...